1. Run PowerShell as Administrator.

2. Run command:

Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process

to allow running of unsigned PowerShell scripts.

2. Run the PowerShell script for creating the virtual machine:

.\create-vm.ps1 -IsoPath ISO_PATH

replacing ISO_PATH with the path to the Alpine Linux ISO file (make sure you previously downloaded the Virtual flavor of Alpine Linux).

3. Start the virtual machine (login as root) and then run the following command on the virtual machine:

setup-alpine

4. Go through the alpine linux installation:

- Choose "us" twice as the keyboard layout.
- Enter "vagrant" as the hostname.
- Choose the default (eth0, dhcp, no) network interface options.
- Enter "vagrant" as the root password.
- Choose the default (UTC) timezone.
- Choose the default (none) for HTTP/FTP proxy URL.
- Choose the default (chrony) for NTP client.
- Choose the default (1) for mirror.
- Choose the default (openssh) for SSH client.
- Choose "sda" and "sys" options for installing to the hard drive.

5. After installation completes, go to the menu Media > DVD Drive and eject the ISO.

6. Reboot the virtual machine by running the command:

reboot

7. On the host, use the "Encode Text As Scancodes" script to convert the following URL to linux scancodes and copy the result to the clipboard:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/etherframe/hyperv-alpine-vagrant-box-setup-scripts/master/alpine-box-setup.sh

8. Login as root on the virtual machine.

9. Change directory to the root.

10. Run the following command, pasting in the scancodes from the earlier step (you may have to fix some characters):

wget PASTED_SCANCODES

11. Make the downloaded script executable by running the command:

chmod +x alpine-box-setup.sh

12. Run the script by running the command and confirm to delete the setup script if no errors occurred:

./alpine-box-setup.sh

13. Shut down the virtual machine.

14. Run the PowerShell script for exporting the virtual machine and packaging it as a Vagrant box:

.\package-box.ps1

15. In order to test the box, run the command:

vagrant box add BOX_PATH --name etherframe/alpine64-test

replacing BOX_PATH with the path to the newly created box file.

16. Run command:

vagrant up --no-provision

to do a simple test of the box.

17. Run command:

vagrant box remove etherframe/alpine64-test

to remove the test box.
